I've had my Twitch account ever since I was a little kid.
The inception of Twitch Plays Pokemon was fascinating to me. These interactive streams are what brought me in to the website.
However, I've never decided to go much deeper than that.

Not until I started watching VTubers.
Twitch has a massive platform of them; it is hard to not find one when you scroll these days.
However, I no longer feel in the position to partake in these matters any more.

From the moment this document has been posted, I have already been contemplating deletion.
It would not matter anyway; my account was doomed from the start.
I had created the account when I was under 13. Changing the date of birth now would be a death sentence.
Despite having partaken in the early days of the fallenshadow twitch community, I have grown distant from it.

Reminiscing the days of mid-2021 will be a fond memory. I remember when I spent hours on the computer watching streams.
Back then, I didn't think I cared much about life during the coronavirus.
It feels like a blur now. Not much matters now, but it felt calming and reasonable back then.

Perhaps this is what happens when you "touch grass". You realize the world is no longer about what happens on the internet.
You have responsibilities you have to fulfill. You have to walk the dog, feed your cat, check your weight, do your taxes...
The moment I forcefully quit Raid Shadow Legends is when I came to the epiphany that this was turning into a second job. In fact, it probably always was.
I haven't even got any work experience yet... and the game demands me to play optimally from morning to night if I want to reach my destination.

Getting to the goal with no clear regard for your human life. This has become unhealthy for me.

An action like this is necessary. I'm no longer the gamer that I once was 10 years ago.
Now I may understand how Kevin Darxide feels. If I have messed up your name, I am deeply sorry.
You may think this is ridiculous, but this has been on my mind for a few weeks.
I've been waiting for the day when I can finally move on.

All clips will be archived soon. After that, I will pull the plug. Unless things suddenly change, this is where the journey ends.
I do not expect to come back, and I don't know if I'll ever get heavily involved in a stream again.

I don't need a viking helmet anymore.

Edit: I think it'll be fine if I consider uploading all my old clips onto some database, but it might be on Google Drive or YouTube. It won't be so bad.
