Discord has become more of a detriment to me. This unhealthy issue started during 2021 where I was at home 24 hours a day because of covid restrictions.
Slowly I've come to realize that while I've made many friends on Discord, it has taken a toll on my mental health and I kind of feel depressed sometimes
Therefore, I feel like using Discord is no longer good for my well-being at this time.

I don't want to go through that much pain again, and I feel like I have become a lot worse. I have therefore decided to take the initative to
improve myself. I won't be going on Discord as much as I used to. You may message me on element (limelock, @usavictor:matrix.org) if you want to send anything
that is regarding me and the projects that I am involved in. I may still be active on the internet. However, I will most likely not be active on Discord,
not until conditions improve to a stable point.

I hope this can help me relieve a lot of burdens that I have, so I can strive to be a better person.
As of now, no YouTube uploads are planned. I probably won't play Roblox again for a long time. In fact, maybe I won't play anything at all,
besides a couple games like IWBTG fangames or Battle Cats. Maybe expect a few sporadic videos if I'm feeling generous.
But, at this point, I am unsure of what to do. Maybe the internet is too much for me to handle. Perhaps I should've realized this years ago.

I want to continue working on some projects, however, it may not be known for a long time. If I finish some, it will be announced on my YouTube at one point.
I hope I feel better one day when this is over.

usavictor, 3/8/2022

Update
I probably won't play Roblox anymore if their new audio policy does end up taking effect. So far, it appears that the new policy WILL take effect.
It feels outrageous, and will severely demotivate me to work on AToH or play anything related to obby games, since I only care about those games now.
Maybe I could play occasionally, but honestly, if it affects MILLIONS of games, then I honestly cannot see how I can play the games the same way as they used to be.
My interest in Roblox was slowly declining anyway... so I'm sorry if AToH never gets anywhere.

3/14/2022
